docs: kubectl to synchronize argocd apps (#14881)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/user-guide/sync-kubectl.md

# Sync Applications with Kubectl

> You can use "kubectl" to ask ArgoCD to synchronize ArgoCD applications the same way you can use ArgoCD CLI or ArgoCD UI. Many configurations like "force", "prune", "apply" and even synchronize a specific list of resources are equally supported. This is done by applying or patching the ArgoCD application with a document that defines an "operation".
> 
> This "operation" defines how a synchronization should be done and for what resources these synchronization is to be done.
> 
> There are many configuration options that can be added to the "operation". Next, a few of them are explained. For more details, you can have a look at the CRD [applications.argoproj.io](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/blob/master/manifests/crds/application-crd.yaml). Some of them are required, whereas others are optional.
> 
> In its simplest way, to ask ArgoCD to synchronize all resources of a given application, we can do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use "kubectl" to ask Argo CD to synchronize applications the same way you can use the CLI or UI. Many configurations like "force", "prune", "apply" and even synchronize a specific list of resources are equally supported. This is done by applying or patching the Argo CD application with a document that defines an "operation".

This "operation" defines how a synchronization should be done and for what resources these synchronization is to be done.

There are many configuration options that can be added to the "operation". Next, a few of them are explained. For more details, you can have a look at the CRD [applications.argoproj.io](https://github.com/argoproj/argo-cd/blob/master/manifests/crds/application-crd.yaml). Some of them are required, whereas others are optional.

To ask Argo CD to synchronize all resources of a given application, we can do:
```

Author: Done

Or if you prefer, you also can patch:

```yaml
operation:
  initiatedBy:
    username: <username>
  sync:
    syncStrategy:
    hook: {}
```

```bash
$ kubectl patch -n <namespace> app <app-name> --patch-file <patch-file> --type merge
```

Be aware that patches, specially with merge strategies, may not work the way you expect especially if you change sync strategies or options.
In these cases, "kubectl apply" gives better results.

Either with a "kubectl patch" or "kubectl apply", the state of the synchronization is reported in the "operationState" field in the application object.

```bash
$ kubectl get -n <namespace> get app <app-name> -o yaml
...
status:
  operationState:
    finishedAt: "2023-08-03T11:16:17Z"
    message: successfully synced (all tasks run)
    phase: Succeeded
```

# Apply and Hook synchronization strategies

There are two types of synchronization strategies: "hook", which is the default value, and "apply".

> An "apply" sync strategy tells ArgoCD to "kubectl apply", whereas a "hook" sync strategy informs ArgoCD to submit any resource that's referenced in the operation. This way the synchronization of these resources will take into consideration any hook the resource has been annotated with.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An "apply" sync strategy tells Argo CD to "kubectl apply", whereas a "hook" sync strategy informs Argo CD to submit any resource that's referenced in the operation. This way the synchronization of these resources will take into consideration any hook the resource has been annotated with.
```

Author: Done

```yaml
operation:
  sync:
    syncStrategy:
      apply: {}
```

```yaml
operation:
  sync:
    syncStrategy:
      hook: {}
```

Both strategies support "force". However, you need to be aware that a force operation deletes the resource when patch encounters a conflict after having retried 5 times.

```yaml
operation:
  sync:
    syncStrategy:
      apply:
        force: true
```

```yaml
operation:
  sync:
    syncStrategy:
      hook:
        force: true
```

# Prune

> If you want to prune your resources before applying, you can instruct ArgoCD to do so:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to prune your resources before applying, you can instruct Argo CD to do so:
```
